Server-side metrics docs (#1411)
grafana/tempo: docs/tempo/website/grafana-agent/service-graphs.md

### Grafana

> To see how to run service graphs in Grafana, visit [this section](../server_side_metrics/service_graphs#grafana)

Reviewer: I would change the above header to something like: `### Server side metrics`

```suggestion
The same service graph metrics can also be generated by Tempo. This is more efficient and recommended for larger installations. For additional information about viewing service graph metrics in Grafana and calculating cardinality check out the [server side documentation](../server_side_metrics/service_graphs#grafana).
```
